subjectid - Numeric value between 1 and 30 used to identify the 30 participants in the survey
activityid - Numeric value between 1 and 6 used to identify the 6 activities performed by each person
activitylabel - Descriptive label for the 6 activities performed by each person
tBodyAcc-mean()-X - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyAcc-std()-X - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyAcc-std()-Y - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyAcc-std()-Z - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tGravityAcc-mean()-X - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tGravityAcc-std()-X - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tGravityAcc-std()-Y - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tGravityAcc-std()-Z - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyGyro-mean()-X - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyGyro-std()-X - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyGyro-std()-Y - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyGyro-std()-Z - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyAccMag-mean() - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyAccMag-std() - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tGravityAccMag-mean() - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tGravityAccMag-std() - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean() - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyAccJerkMag-std() - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyGyroMag-mean() - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyGyroMag-std() - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std() - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyAcc-mean()-X - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyAcc-std()-X - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyAcc-std()-Y - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyAcc-std()-Z - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-X - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Y - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Z - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyGyro-mean()-X - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyGyro-std()-X - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyGyro-std()-Y - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyGyro-std()-Z - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyAccMag-mean() - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyAccMag-std() - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean() - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std() - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean() - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std() - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std() - Mean of the column data for each activity and each subject